_conferences/code-beam-sto-1.md, before:

---
conference_brand: _conference_brands/code-bean-sto.md
title: code-beam-sto
past: false
bg_image: "/uploads/16d70351e4ef837c6fbab1a10e1576a862092484.jpeg"
logo_img: "/uploads/aed29706231a343796d1d53a8b64659f728e7426.png"
conference_location: Virtual
primary: "#B51A00"
secondary: "#FF40FF"
conference_init_date: 2001-09-10 06:00:00 +0000
conference_dates: 10-11 SEPTEMBER 2020
head_title: DISCOVER THE FUTURE OF THE ERLANG ECOSYSTEM
overview_heading: For the health and safety of speakers, attendees and the wider community
  Code BEAM STO is going VIRTUAL.  Code BEAM V will be the third virtual conference
  from our team. We've developed a format to ensure our virtual events offer the knowledge
  sharing, inspiration, networking and community experience you'd expect from any
  of our events.  Enjoy two days of real-world, practical applications of Erlang,
  Elixir and the BEAM - all within the context of high-performance and massively-scalable
  distributed systems.  More information will be available soon. Let's stay connected!
number_of_days: "2"
number_of_themes: "7"
number_of_speakers: "50"
number_of_attendees: "300"
about_title_left: THE FUTURE OF THE ERLANG ECOSYSTEM, FROM YOUR HOME!
about_paragraph_1: Code BEAM V 2020 will now be a virtual event.
about_paragraph_2: Code BEAM V conference is all about discovering the future of the
  Erlang Ecosystem and bringing together developers as a community to share knowledge
  & ideas, learn from each other and inspire to invent the future.
about_paragraph_3: An action-packed two-day conference fused with a mix of talks on
  innovation and open-source applications based on Erlang, OTP, Elixir, LFE, BEAM
  and other emerging technologies!
about_title_right: CODE BEAM V 2020 - BACK THIS SEPTEMBER!
about_register_message: 'more information will be available soon. '
about_group_tickets_message: 'Get special group discounts for group bookings. '
about_academic_tickets_message: 'We love students and academics. Get a special academic
  discount. More information will be available soon. '
about_diversity_message: We're committed to diversity at Code BEAM V. Applications
  are open until 30 August 2020.
about_volunteer_message: 'Join the Code BEAM V family and get free access to the conference!
  Applications are open until 30 August 2020. '
tickets_bg_image: "/uploads/bff94d8efbee3518999fbfe7baba730dd4ecf586.png"
tickets_message: Very Early Bird tickets will be available to buy from 22 July.
fees_message: All prices exclude fees and VAT
eventbrite_url: https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/static/widgets/eb_widgets.js
eventbrite_id: "113615013564"
group_tickets_paragraph_1: Want to bring your team along to Code BEAM V? We have group
  discounts for conference, training and tutorial tickets available.
group_tickets_paragraph_2: Find out how much you can save!
group_enquire_mailto_link: info@codesync.global?subject=Group%20tickets%20for%20Code%20BEAM%20STO%2020
academic_tickets_paragraph_1: ''
academic_tickets_paragraph_2: ''
academic_enquire_mailto_link: ''
health_advice_p_1: ''
health_advice_p_2: ''
health_advice_mailto: ''
venue_name: ''
venue_address_1: ''
venue_address_2: ''
venue_address_3: ''
venue_transport_directions: ''
venue_map_url: ''
venue_taxi_instructions: ''
newsletter_logo_image: ''
diversity_message: ''
diversity_link_url: ''
volunteer_message: ''
volunteer_link_url: ''
call_for_talks_message: ''
call_for_talks_link: ''
published: false

---

Commit message:

Update from Forestry.io Victor De León updated _conferences/code-beam-sto-1.md
Former-commit-id: 1afd2450d9c5beda692882ae4dec1d2e892231d3

_conferences/code-beam-sto-1.md, after:

---
conference_brand: _conference_brands/code-bean-sto.md
title: code-beam-sto
past: false
bg_image: "/uploads/16d70351e4ef837c6fbab1a10e1576a862092484.jpeg"
logo_img: "/uploads/aed29706231a343796d1d53a8b64659f728e7426.png"
conference_location: Virtual
primary: "#B51A00"
secondary: "#FF40FF"
conference_init_date: 2001-09-10 06:00:00 +0000
conference_dates: 10-11 SEPTEMBER 2020
head_title: DISCOVER THE FUTURE OF THE ERLANG ECOSYSTEM
overview_heading: For the health and safety of speakers, attendees and the wider community
  Code BEAM STO is going VIRTUAL.  Code BEAM V will be the third virtual conference
  from our team. We've developed a format to ensure our virtual events offer the knowledge
  sharing, inspiration, networking and community experience you'd expect from any
  of our events.  Enjoy two days of real-world, practical applications of Erlang,
  Elixir and the BEAM - all within the context of high-performance and massively-scalable
  distributed systems.  More information will be available soon. Let's stay connected!
number_of_days: "2"
number_of_themes: "7"
number_of_speakers: "50"
number_of_attendees: "300"
about_title_left: THE FUTURE OF THE ERLANG ECOSYSTEM, FROM YOUR HOME!
about_paragraph_1: Code BEAM V 2020 will now be a virtual event.
about_paragraph_2: Code BEAM V conference is all about discovering the future of the
  Erlang Ecosystem and bringing together developers as a community to share knowledge
  & ideas, learn from each other and inspire to invent the future.
about_paragraph_3: An action-packed two-day conference fused with a mix of talks on
  innovation and open-source applications based on Erlang, OTP, Elixir, LFE, BEAM
  and other emerging technologies!
about_title_right: CODE BEAM V 2020 - BACK THIS SEPTEMBER!
about_register_message: 'more information will be available soon. '
about_group_tickets_message: 'Get special group discounts for group bookings. '
about_academic_tickets_message: 'We love students and academics. Get a special academic
  discount. More information will be available soon. '
about_diversity_message: We're committed to diversity at Code BEAM V. Applications
  are open until 30 August 2020.
about_volunteer_message: 'Join the Code BEAM V family and get free access to the conference!
  Applications are open until 30 August 2020. '
tickets_bg_image: "/uploads/bff94d8efbee3518999fbfe7baba730dd4ecf586.png"
tickets_message: Very Early Bird tickets will be available to buy from 22 July.
fees_message: All prices exclude fees and VAT
eventbrite_url: https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/static/widgets/eb_widgets.js
eventbrite_id: "113615013564"
group_tickets_paragraph_1: Want to bring your team along to Code BEAM V? We have group
  discounts for conference, training and tutorial tickets available.
group_tickets_paragraph_2: Find out how much you can save!
group_enquire_mailto_link: info@codesync.global?subject=Group%20tickets%20for%20Code%20BEAM%20STO%2020
academic_tickets_paragraph_1: We love students and academics. We're thrilled to offer
  special discounts to academics and students who would like to attend Code BEAM V.
academic_tickets_paragraph_2: 'Simply get in touch to confirm that you''re a student/academic
  and we will release the discount code. '
academic_enquire_mailto_link: mailto:info@codesync.global?subject=Academic%20/%20Student%20tickets%20for%20Code%20BEAM%20STO%2020
health_advice_p_1: ''
health_advice_p_2: ''
health_advice_mailto: ''
venue_name: ''
venue_address_1: ''
venue_address_2: ''
venue_address_3: ''
venue_transport_directions: ''
venue_map_url: ''
venue_taxi_instructions: ''
newsletter_logo_image: ''
diversity_message: ''
diversity_link_url: ''
volunteer_message: ''
volunteer_link_url: ''
call_for_talks_message: ''
call_for_talks_link: ''
published: false

---
