_conferences/code-beam-sto.md, before:

---
layout: conference
title: Code BEAM V
#######################
#### Styles #####
#######################
primary: c30000
secondary: ff00ff
hover: ff00ff

#######################
#### Menu Section #####
#######################
menu_path:

#######################
#### Head Section #####
#######################
conference_init_date: 2020/08/10 09:00:00
conference_dates: 10-11 SEPTEMBER 2020
head_title: DISCOVER THE FUTURE OF THE ERLANG ECOSYSTEM
#######################
#### Overview Section #####
#######################
overview_heading: DISCOVER THE FUTURE OF THE ERLANG ECOSYSTEM
number_of_days: 2
number_of_themes: 7
number_of_speakers: 50
number_of_attendees: 300
about_title_left: The future of the Erlang ecosystem, in the home of Erlang
about_paragraph_1: Code BEAM STO 2020 has been postponed from May to September 2020 due to public health concerns around COVID-19.
about_paragraph_2: Code BEAM STO conference is all about discovering the future of the Erlang Ecosystem and bringing together developers as a community to share knowledge &amp; ideas, learn from each other and inspire to invent the future.
about_paragraph_3: An action-packed two-day conference fused with a mix of talks on innovation and open-source applications based on Erlang, OTP, Elixir, LFE, BEAM and other emerging technologies!
about_title_right: CODE BEAM STO 2020 - BACK THIS SEPTEMBER!
about_register_mesage: Early bird tickets are available until 28 May 2020.&nbsp;
about_group_tickets_message: Get special group discounts for group bookings.&nbsp;
about_academic_tickets_message: We love students and academics. Get a special academic discount.
about_diversity_message: We're committed to diversity at Code BEAM SF. Applications are open until 27 July 2020.
about_volunteer_message: Join the Code BEAM SF family and get free access to the conference! Applications are open until 27 August 2020.
##########################
#### Tickets Section #####
##########################
tickets_bg_image:
tickets_message: Early bird conference, training, tutorial, and certification places will be available until 23:59 CEST 28 May 2020.
fees_message: All prices exclude fees and VAT
eventbrite_url: https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/code-beam-sto-2020-tickets-90357035325
eventbrite_id: 90357035325
##########################
####  Group Tickets  #####
##########################
group_tickets_paragraph_1: Want to bring your team along to Code BEAM STO? We have group discounts for conference, training and&nbsp;tutorial tickets available.
group_tickets_paragraph_2: Find out how much you can save!
group_enquire_mailto_link: info@codesync.global?subject=Group%20tickets%20for%20Code%20BEAM%20STO%2020
###########################
#### Academic Tickets #####
###########################
academic_tickets_paragraph_1: We love students and academics. We&#39;re thrilled to offer&nbsp;special discounts to academics and students who would like to attend Code BEAM STO.
academic_tickets_paragraph_2: Simply get in touch to confirm that you&#39;re a student/academic and we will release the discount code.&nbsp;
academic_enquire_mailto_link: info@codesync.global?subject=Academic%20/%20Student%20tickets%20for%20Code%20BEAM%20STO%2020
###########################
####   Testimonials   #####
###########################
############################
####   Health Advice   #####
############################
health_advice_p_1: The health, safety and wellbeing of all visitors to our events is of the utmost importance. We are currently monitoring the effect of the outbreak of&nbsp;coronavirus disease (COVID-19) upon our conferences and would like to let you know that&nbsp;Code BEAM STO is still going ahead. If that changes we will notify all ticket holders immediately and post a further statement here.
health_advice_p_2: Depending on the COVID-19 situation we may need to make changes to the format and/or date of the event. If it becomes necessary to cancel Code BEAM STO entirely, we will issue a full refund to everyone attending. We will not be able to refund any travel or accommodation costs and recommend that all visitors take out appropriate travel insurance to cover any cancellations due to events outside our control
health_advice_mailto: info@codesync.global?subject=Health%20advice%20for%20Code%20BEAM%20STO
##########################
#######   Venue   ########
##########################
venue_name: Münchenbryggeriet Events &amp;Conferences
venue_address_1: TORKEL KNUTSSONSGATAN 2
venue_address_2: 118 25 STOCKHOLM,
venue_address_3: SWEDEN
venue_transport_directions: The nearest metro is&nbsp;<strong>Mariatorget T-bana&lrm;</strong>,&nbsp;exit Torkel Knutssonsgatan. The Google Maps can be a bit misleading when you type in &quot;Mariatorget T-bana&quot;, so to save yourself some walking, we recommend taking this exit (close to Krukmakargatan).
venue_map_url: http://goo.gl/maps/DQuMLzeXBWA2
venue_taxi_instructions: The address for arriving by taxi is&nbsp;Torkel Knutssonsgatan 2, 118 25 Stockholm.
---

RESCHEDULED TO 10-11 SEPTEMBER DUE TO COVID-19

Code BEAM

STO is the only conference in Europe to bring Erlang, Elixir, and
all of the languages that run on the BEAM together.

Learn from 50+ cutting-edge talks and our in-depth training program,
how BEAM languages are revolutionising areas like IoT, Blockchain,
Fintech, Security, Machine Learning and more.

As of 2018, Code BEAM STO, formerly known as the Erlang User
Conference, joined the Code Sync family of tech conferences.

Commit message:

connects conference past talks to front matter

_conferences/code-beam-sto.md, after:

---
layout: conference
title: Code BEAM V
conference_brand: code-beam
#######################
#### Styles #####
#######################
primary: c30000
secondary: ff00ff
hover: ff00ff

#######################
#### Menu Section #####
#######################
menu_path:

#######################
#### Head Section #####
#######################
conference_init_date: 2020/08/10 09:00:00
conference_dates: 10-11 SEPTEMBER 2020
head_title: DISCOVER THE FUTURE OF THE ERLANG ECOSYSTEM
#######################
#### Overview Section #####
#######################
overview_heading: DISCOVER THE FUTURE OF THE ERLANG ECOSYSTEM
number_of_days: 2
number_of_themes: 7
number_of_speakers: 50
number_of_attendees: 300
about_title_left: The future of the Erlang ecosystem, in the home of Erlang
about_paragraph_1: Code BEAM STO 2020 has been postponed from May to September 2020 due to public health concerns around COVID-19.
about_paragraph_2: Code BEAM STO conference is all about discovering the future of the Erlang Ecosystem and bringing together developers as a community to share knowledge &amp; ideas, learn from each other and inspire to invent the future.
about_paragraph_3: An action-packed two-day conference fused with a mix of talks on innovation and open-source applications based on Erlang, OTP, Elixir, LFE, BEAM and other emerging technologies!
about_title_right: CODE BEAM STO 2020 - BACK THIS SEPTEMBER!
about_register_mesage: Early bird tickets are available until 28 May 2020.&nbsp;
about_group_tickets_message: Get special group discounts for group bookings.&nbsp;
about_academic_tickets_message: We love students and academics. Get a special academic discount.
about_diversity_message: We're committed to diversity at Code BEAM SF. Applications are open until 27 July 2020.
about_volunteer_message: Join the Code BEAM SF family and get free access to the conference! Applications are open until 27 August 2020.
##########################
#### Tickets Section #####
##########################
tickets_bg_image:
tickets_message: Early bird conference, training, tutorial, and certification places will be available until 23:59 CEST 28 May 2020.
fees_message: All prices exclude fees and VAT
eventbrite_url: https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/code-beam-sto-2020-tickets-90357035325
eventbrite_id: 90357035325
##########################
####  Group Tickets  #####
##########################
group_tickets_paragraph_1: Want to bring your team along to Code BEAM STO? We have group discounts for conference, training and&nbsp;tutorial tickets available.
group_tickets_paragraph_2: Find out how much you can save!
group_enquire_mailto_link: info@codesync.global?subject=Group%20tickets%20for%20Code%20BEAM%20STO%2020
###########################
#### Academic Tickets #####
###########################
academic_tickets_paragraph_1: We love students and academics. We&#39;re thrilled to offer&nbsp;special discounts to academics and students who would like to attend Code BEAM STO.
academic_tickets_paragraph_2: Simply get in touch to confirm that you&#39;re a student/academic and we will release the discount code.&nbsp;
academic_enquire_mailto_link: info@codesync.global?subject=Academic%20/%20Student%20tickets%20for%20Code%20BEAM%20STO%2020
###########################
####   Testimonials   #####
###########################
############################
####   Health Advice   #####
############################
health_advice_p_1: The health, safety and wellbeing of all visitors to our events is of the utmost importance. We are currently monitoring the effect of the outbreak of&nbsp;coronavirus disease (COVID-19) upon our conferences and would like to let you know that&nbsp;Code BEAM STO is still going ahead. If that changes we will notify all ticket holders immediately and post a further statement here.
health_advice_p_2: Depending on the COVID-19 situation we may need to make changes to the format and/or date of the event. If it becomes necessary to cancel Code BEAM STO entirely, we will issue a full refund to everyone attending. We will not be able to refund any travel or accommodation costs and recommend that all visitors take out appropriate travel insurance to cover any cancellations due to events outside our control
health_advice_mailto: info@codesync.global?subject=Health%20advice%20for%20Code%20BEAM%20STO
##########################
#######   Venue   ########
##########################
venue_name: Münchenbryggeriet Events &amp;Conferences
venue_address_1: TORKEL KNUTSSONSGATAN 2
venue_address_2: 118 25 STOCKHOLM,
venue_address_3: SWEDEN
venue_transport_directions: The nearest metro is&nbsp;<strong>Mariatorget T-bana&lrm;</strong>,&nbsp;exit Torkel Knutssonsgatan. The Google Maps can be a bit misleading when you type in &quot;Mariatorget T-bana&quot;, so to save yourself some walking, we recommend taking this exit (close to Krukmakargatan).
venue_map_url: http://goo.gl/maps/DQuMLzeXBWA2
venue_taxi_instructions: The address for arriving by taxi is&nbsp;Torkel Knutssonsgatan 2, 118 25 Stockholm.
###########################
####### Newsletter ########
###########################
newsletter_logo_image: /uploads/media/theme/0001/01/16d70351e4ef837c6fbab1a10e1576a862092484.jpeg
############################
#######  Diversity  ########
############################
diversity_message: We are always looking to improve diversity at our conferences. To help achieve this, we are providing free diversity places to under-represented groups in tech. Applications close&nbsp;on&nbsp;27 July&nbsp;2020.
diversity_link_url: https://www2.codesync.global/l/23452/2020-02-05/6w586v
############################
#######  Volunteer  ########
############################
volunteer_message: We would love to have you in our volunteering team! Helping out gives access to talks, networking opportunities and unlimited coffee!&nbsp;Applications&nbsp;close&nbsp;on 27 August&nbsp;2020.
volunteer_link_url: https://www2.codesync.global/l/23452/2020-02-05/6w586s
---

RESCHEDULED TO 10-11 SEPTEMBER DUE TO COVID-19

Code BEAM

STO is the only conference in Europe to bring Erlang, Elixir, and
all of the languages that run on the BEAM together.

Learn from 50+ cutting-edge talks and our in-depth training program,
how BEAM languages are revolutionising areas like IoT, Blockchain,
Fintech, Security, Machine Learning and more.

As of 2018, Code BEAM STO, formerly known as the Erlang User
Conference, joined the Code Sync family of tech conferences.
