---
layout: post
title: "COVID-19: community update & support!"
date: 2020-03-24 14:49:28 -0600
categories: jekyll update
featured: false
---

# LET US KNOW HOW WE CAN HELP

The global outbreak of COVID-19 has impacted us all. We hope that you are safe and extend our thoughts and best wishes to everyone who is directly affected by the crisis. As these are unprecedented circumstances, we felt it was essential to work collaboratively with the community to ensure we are serving you effectively over the coming weeks.

In the interest of public health, physical conferences and meetups are being postponed and rescheduled. We pride ourselves on our connection to the community and will be adapting to the current events to find alternative ways to share, inspire and connect users of the BEAM.

We are aware that in the current climate, the role of digital media is changing. Some of you are likely to be using it primarily to stay-up-to-date with the unfolding events, others may be using it to stay connected socially, while others will be minimising contact with social media to avoid COVID-19 anxiety.

In the interest of reaching you on the right channels, with information you need, we wanted your feedback. We will be doing all we can to support the community with the digital channels available to us, including free virtual conferences, and Erlang Solutions' webinars, guides, and virtual meetups.

We'd love your input to ensure this is productive, useful and empowering for the community. Please fill out [this survey](https://www.surveymonkey.co.uk/r/KPXPTSS?utm_source=vitamin+e&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=20Q1.Mark.VitE.socialsurvey) before 31 March to tell us what content you'd like to see.
